♪♪
Well, I guess this is it.
[ Sighs ]
[ Voice breaking ]
I promise...
I'll never forget you.
I'd hope not.
Dad, it's a two-day orientation.
Okay, maybe we could
circle the block again?
Maybe we can find a Shake Shack?
I hear that stuff is great.
Dad --
Okay, you're right!
You're right.
It's just two days.
[ Chuckles ] Yeah.
Go!
Thank you --
Do it quick,
get it over with!
Just rip the Band-Aid off!
♪ Drug boy said it's showtime ♪
Dre: And like that,
I saw the little girl
whose first footsteps
gave me my first tears of joy
begin to take her first steps
into --
Zoey: Dad, enough!
I can tell my own story.
Dre:
[ Voice breaking ] Fine.
Just like that, I was off.
I took my first steps
into the new --
[ Horn honks ]
Spread your wings,
baby bird!
♪ We're filled
with so much hatred ♪
Spread your wings!
♪ The kids don't stand
a chance ♪
God,
please give me the strength.
[ Beeps ]
Where's the nearest Shake Shack?
Siri: Searching
for Shake Shack nearby.
Zoey: [ Clears throat ]
Okay, uh...as I was saying.
I took my first steps
into a new world.
♪ Sometimes, it's hard to grow ♪
♪ While living in fear
of the unknown ♪
College -- so many new faces,
so many new experiences.
♪ When no lo-ove is
in his heart ♪
♪ We're trapped
inside the matrix ♪
Am I intimidated?
[ Scoffs ] No!
♪ ...forced to play our hand ♪
I'm gonna kill this thing.
Watch.
♪ The kids don't stand
a chance ♪
♪♪
So, there I was,
laying in the middle
of my campus rep,
Marsha's, dorm room floor,
crying my eyes out,
feeling like my life was over.
And she walked over to me,
rubbed me on my back,
looked me right
in my tear-filled eyes
and said, "Stacy, don't worry.
Everyone has HPV."
That's when I knew I was home.
Go Titans.
♪♪
O-kay!
Thank you, Stacy,
for...that.
[ Clears throat ]
You know what else
is communicable?
School spirit!
[ Chuckles ]
Good afternoon, everyone.
I'm Burt Parker,
Dean of Students.
Now, before you break off
into your tour groups,
I'd like you to meet
the new president of Cal U,
Jonathan Schock.
Thank you
for that heartfelt welcome,
faculty member.
It is an honor to welcome
so many bright young minds
here,
to the campus of Cal U.
And I'd like to extend
a very special...
"Konichiwa," "Cam cho,"
"Bonjour," "Buenos Dias,"
"Shalom," and "Assalamualaikum"
to all our cash-paying
foreign students.
There will be a V.I.P. tour
for you...
and mugs.
Go Titans.
♪♪
Stacy: Okay, group B,
just introduce yourself
and tell us how you'd like
to be identified.
I'll go first --
I'm Stacy.
I'm a tri-racial gender-fluid
panoramic demisexual
and my pronoun is "they."
Who's next?
Both: I need to use
the bathroom.
♪♪
Oh...my...God.
I had to get out of there.
As soon as she started talking,
I was praying for a nosebleed.
Yeah,
or like a wardrobe malfunction.
Or like a flash flood.
Or the discovery
of a dead body.
Whoa.
Can we start over?
Can you just tell me your name
and nothing else?
No pronouns,
no sexual preferences,
none of that.
Zoey.
Miriam.
Now if we actually
become friends,
you'll learn things
about my private life that
you can go tell other people
behind my back.
Right,
like you're supposed to.
Hi! I'm with
the Social Justice Dance Squad.
Do you believe either the cops
and/or rhythm
are gonna get you?
Uh, we're just browsing.
You don't wanna --
Thank you.
Okay.
How many super-specific groups
do they need here?
I know!
Like, no offense to the...
Vegan BBQ Society,
but I'm not really
the "joiner" type.
♪♪
Excuse me, Queen.
Would you be interested
in joining the BSU?
Yes! Yes, I am.
Yeah?
As am I, King.
How you doin'?
What is the BSU?
[ Chuckles ] Uh....
Drop science for her,
please.
Me? Oh, well.
The BSU stands for the...
uh, uh, the, uh...
you know, the...
The Black...
Black...
....Student...
...Student...
Union.
Union!
Black Student Union --
science dropped.
I mean, come on, Miriam.
This is basic stuff.
I mean, how cray would it be
for me not to know
what the
Black Student Union is?
Right, because you're...
Y-You're black.
I am.
I'm very black.
You what would
really be crazy?
If someone thought that you were
a breeding representative
of the Beesu,
a new hybrid
of Chinese wrinkled dog,
which is a mixture
of the bijon and the shitzu.
But you're not,
correct?
Charlie?
Wait.
You know Professor Telphy?
"Professor"?
Yeah.
W-what is happening right now?
Why are you here?
I came out to the Club Fair
to pick up some high-interest,
low-limit credit-card
applications
so I could purchase
a pair of silk boots
I saw your father
wear once.
Mm.
Okay, ignoring that.
Charlie,
why are you physically present,
here, today,
at this college.
Oh! I'm an adjunct professor
in marketing --
teach a class
from 12:30 to 4:00 a.m.
Who takes classes
that late?
Mostly chronic insomniacs
and recovering
methamphetamine addicts...
who wanna get
into marketing.
Well, how do you do that
and work at Stevens & Lido?
So with the Sleep Ease pillow...
[ Snoring ]
...you can sleep through
anything.
Outstanding work,
Charles.
The most important part is
that I'm legally allowed
to be here.
And I can use the showers.
Stacy:
Zoey! Miriam! Hey!
Okay,
well, we gotta go.
All right, hey, well,
let me know
if you're interested
in the BSU.
Both: Oh, so interested.
Or if you wanna take
a 1:00 a.m. class
on brand strategy with a bunch
of retired prostitutes.
I'm her dad's boss.
Yeah?
Yes.
Guys, girls, hims, hers.
Theys.
So for the fall,
you can find your roommate
on the official housing list
we just posted.
Oh, we should see what dorm
we're living in.
Maybe we could be roomies
in the fall.
And if not,
we can find our assigned
roommates and bully
them into switching
because we have
to live together.
Oh, my God.
I was thinking the same thing.
I love bullying.
I will pretend
to have anger issues,
and you tell them
you have IBS.
[ Chuckles softly ]
Were you really serious
about joining the BSU?
I don't know.
But I was very serious
about how cute he was.
He was so cute.
Oh, my God.
But I'm looking
at this campus catalog
and the BSU meets, like,
three times a year.
Ugh!
That's basically a cult.
[ Scoffs ]
No, thank you.
Here I am.
Prepare to be body-shamed
into a room transfer...
Kristin Papadakas.
[ Both laughing ]
Wait.
Ooh. Uh...
Stacy, hey!
I don't see my name.
Stacey: Don't worry --
as long as your parents
turned in your housing form
on time,
you'll be fine.
Zoey:
And with those simple words,
I immediately knew...
Bow! I'm stuck!
I don't wanna die like this!
Please, God, not like this!
[ Chuckles ]
...I absolutely did not
have housing.
Yes, I'm sure, Mom.
My name is not on here!
Rainbow:
Zoey, calm down! Okay?
What?
I'm sure it's just
a simple mistake.
It is not a simple mistake.
This is that racist BS.
Shut -- Dre!
Are you sure you sent in
Zoey's housing forms?
Don't do this, Bow.
What?
Not right now, okay?
Because this is about Zoey
learning an important lesson
that this is how we're treated
in the real world!
Okay, no --
Right, you're right.
Now, are you sure that
you...
handled it though?
Yes, would you like me
to walk you through the steps?
Very much, I would.
Okay.
Dre: I got the paperwork...
Housing application.
...filled it out...
No!
...put it in an envelope,
put a stamp on it,
and was headed
to the Post Office.
Wha...?
The McRib?
And I know I dropped it off
at the Post Office
because it was the same day
the McRib came...back.
Hmm.
Oh, my God.
♪♪
But it was the McRib, Bow!
Oh, wha...
The McRib!
What?
It disappears and reappears
when it wants,
like Pops!
Zoey: Okay, great.
I'm sure the Housing Department
will accept that
as a reasonable answer.
I'll just tell them
the McRib was back!
I'll handle this myself,
thanks.
Thanks for nothing.
♪♪
Schock.
[ Door closes ]
We've got a real problem.
You're supposed to call
the president, "President."
[ Sighs ] Okay.
We've got a real problem.
You're not gonna say it,
are you?
[ Sighs ]
We may have
a meningitis outbreak.
Why does that concern me?
You mean beside the fact
that you're president
of the University
and everyone in the East Dorm
may need a spinal tap?
Will these spinal tapees
help me get $10 mil
for the new aquatic center,
huh?
I-I don't think
it works like that.
Well, Parker, what would you do
in this situation?
Oh, wh--
What would I do?
Yes.
You mean,
if the search committee had
placed value on my 30 years
of academic
and administrative experience
with students
rather than your rocky tenure
as C.E.O. of Koo Koo Roo?
I'll have you know,
people loved our mac 'n' cheese.
Loved it.
My idea.
Yeah.
Well,
I asked one of the students
to meet me here so --
What?
You did what?
Yeah.
so you could
hear them complain
about the improvements
they want made to Hawkins Hall.
Hawkins?
It's the black dorm.
We have a black dorm here
on campus?!
It was in the 200-page report
about campus life
I was forced
to write for you.
Please,
just summarize it.
Well, uh, unofficially,
the students have formed
a Black dorm, an Asian dorm,
a Jewish dorm, a Muslim dorm,
a little person's dorm --
well, that's actually more
of a bungalow.
That's segregation!
Why don't we just burn
the endowment now?
I can't have
investors thinking
they're investing
in "La La Land"
and then three seconds later,
it's "Moonlight".
Quite a snafoo.
[ Knocking on door ]
President Schock,
I have a student out here
who wants to see you both
about her housing.
Dean Parker: Okay, she must be
the Hawkins Hall student.
Uh, send her in.
We need to nip this
in the bud, dude.
Yes. Okay.
This is
Zoey Johnson.
Oh, uh...Hi.
Please have a seat,
Miss Johnson.
Okay.
[ Door closes ]
[ Zoey clears throat ]
So...
I-I'm here to talk to you
about my housing --
I know why you're here.
He doesn't. I do.
Yes, I do.
No, he doesn't.
And we are going
to put a stop to it.
Oh!
you're putting a stop
to me not having a place?
By "place,"
I think she means, "space."
As in "safe space."
It's a term the kids
are using now
for a place they can
"be themselves."
[ Laughing ] Stupid.
Or... just live?
We are not going to have
a segregated dorm, young lady.
O-okay?
That sounds right...
for legal purposes.
So now you agree?
Yes...
It feels safe to say
I am firmly
against segregation.
Don't try to use reverse
psychology on me.
I'm the guy who took down
Kenny Roger's roasters.
I'm not --
Nice try.
-Nice catch.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Uh...
Then it's agreed?
Wh-- what's agreed?
Effective immediately,
we will disband Hawkins Hall.
Oh, okay. Uh...so --
So where will I live?
[ Sternly ]
With everyone else.
Really? Oh! Okay.
That's great.
Thank you.
-Thank you.
-Hi. Thank you.
Zoey: I did not expect it
to go this well.
Bye.
[ Door closes ]
Parker,
that's how you do it.
I'll be honest.
There's a good chance
she has meningitis.
So, I was killing it
at college.
No surprise there.
Oh, hey!
How'd it go?
Great.
Cool.
Yo!
What are you guys doin'?
You guys wanna come
check out the dorms?
Yeah,
I'd go anywhere with you.
-What?
-Huh?
-Whoa.
Uhhh, I mean...
It's -- It's fine.
Whatever.
Okay, well it's...
Let's do it.
That way. Okay.
[ Sighing ]
Why didn't you stop me?
I didn't want to.
It was funny.
[ Migos' "Bad and Boujee"
plays ]
Hey!
[ Rapping ]
♪ Raindrop, drop top ♪
♪ Smokin' and cookin'
the hotbox ♪
♪ ...on your...
she a thot, thot, thot ♪
♪ Cookin' up...in the crockpot ♪
♪ We came from nothin'
to somethin' ♪
♪ I don't trust nobody,
grip the trigger ♪
♪ Call up the gang,
and they come and get you ♪
♪ Cry me a river,
give you a tissue ♪
♪ It's bad and boujee ♪
♪ Cookin' up...with an Uzi ♪
This is where you live?
This is incredible.
This is the center
of the diaspora.
Angela Davis, June Jordan,
James Baldwin...
Some of our best
and brightest
have roamed the halls
of Hawkins.
Your friends
sound awesome.
My friends?
Is she serious?
Hold on. Hawkins?
Oh, God.
This is the segregated dorm.
I wouldn't call it segregated,
but --
No, the Black dorm.
Well, yeah.
I guess.
[ Sighing ] Oh, God.
This is what Schock
was talking about earlier.
You talked to Schock...
about Hawkins?
I mean,
I tried to talk to him earlier,
but they said
he was with another student.
Guess that was me.
Okay.
Well, what'd he say?
He said that he, maybe,
might want to shut it down.
He said what?
[ Whispering ]
He might wanna shut it down.
Is she okay?
Why are you talking like this?
Shut it down.
Shut it down? Sh--
What? No!
I was just gonna ask him to get
our upstairs toilet fixed.
And now he wants to close us?
This can't be -- okay.
Well, what did you say?
What'd you tell him?
[ Lips smack ]
Oh. Okay!
If I'm being honest...
I think I might've said,
"great,"
and that I was
"firmly against segregation."
But, you know,
in any other circumstance,
that would've been
the right answer.
Wow! You know, when --
when you showed up
with this white chick --
sorry, but you are white --
and you didn't know
what the BSU was,
I could kinda tell you weren't
down, you know, I get it.
But I did not think
that you were against us.
Um, I'm Jewish,
and I've actually kissed
two black dudes
and let one do top stuff,
so --
Please stop.
Gotcha.
Okay, I-I'm so sorry.
This is all just
one big misunderstanding.
I had no idea --
[ As Zoey ]
Of course you had no idea,
[normal voice] because
you're just some mixed chick
from, like, Encino, or --
Only my mom is mixed,
and I'm from Sherman Oaks.
You know what?
It doesn't matter.
This always happens to us,
right?
Schock wants to shut us down?
We'll see about that.
We're not going down
without a fight. Why?
My dad's brother knows
Al Sharpton's permist...
okay?
I'm talking about
his perm guy.
The guy that hits him
with the --
Makes it straight.
But we know him and he will --
we can reach him if need --
It's on,
is what I'm saying.
Is there anything I can do
to help?
Yeah, you can, um...
leave.
If she's leaving,
I'm leaving.
Well, of course you're leaving.
That was never --
You're serious?
No, yeah. You gotta go.
I didn't think
you were staying.
-Thanks for nothing, sellout.
-Appreciate your help, loser.
Jeez, that guy Aaron
was a super bummer.
He acted like there was
nowhere else he could live.
I don't think that's exactly
what he was saying.
It's just that Hawkins
meant a lot to him.
Jeez.
I can't believe we're
never even gonna get the chance
to be roommates.
Our Drake poster was gonna go
right there.
Or Elliot, you mean.
Our Drake poster was gonna go
right there.
[ Sighs ]
You know what?
I don't even go here yet,
and I still feel
like all of this is my fault.
Aww,
it's totally not your fault.
Well, it's a little your fault.
What?
But you should not
beat yourself up.
I mean,
maybe just a little bit,
but then you gotta get
over it, girl,
'cause there's nothing
you can do.
Okay.
♪ You needed me ♪
So, in less than a day,
I had already managed
to lose my housing
and make all the black people
on campus hate me.
And since everything
usually works out for me,
I had no idea
how I was gonna fix it.
And because things definitely
couldn't get any worse,
of course
they had to get weirder.
Acronyms --
The only way human beings
can actually learn.
Fact!
And the key to marketing?
"BSMCRDF" --
Buy. Sell.
Marketing. Consumer.
Relatability. Demand.
An-- [stammers]
And Files!
[ Clatters ]
Obviously, no questions, right?
'Cause I just did that.
[ Laughing ]
That makes a lot of sense,
Daddy,
but how do I appeal
to customers
and sell products
in a targeted way?
And that's a fair question,
Serendipity.
You know what my answer is
to that?
[ Beep ]
Passion.
I don't care if you don't
remember anything I say tonight.
I don't care if you can't even
remember "BSMCRDF,"
which is highly unlikely.
Remember passion.
Everyone say it with me.
All: Passion.
Charlie: That's right.
How do you think
I became a marketing exec
at one of the top ad agencies
in the country, huh?
You think I was qualified? No.
Think I had a résumé?
What's that?
Did I have
the strong recommendations
of a male exotic dancer
who happened to be dating
the big-boned, insecure
head of HR at the company?
Absolutely.
And guess what my man's
stage name was?
Pashun.
[ Class murmuring ]
See how that all worked out?
[ Laughing ]
'Dipity!
What's the most important part
of your job in one word?
Hygiene?
I meant, well --
[ Stammering ]
Yes, yes. I-I guess it is.
In your particular trade,
passion would be number two.
But for everyone else,
when it comes to marketing
your product
in a targeted way...?
All: Passion!
Charlie: That's right.
I couldn't believe it.
Charlie was actually
making sense.
You see, I was expecting
everything to be easy,
but sometimes you have
to work hard.
You have to have passion.
[ Rapping ] ♪ 1989!
The number, another summer ♪
So I put myself out there...
♪ ...sound of a funky drummer ♪
...built my team...
♪ ...is freedom or death ♪
♪ We got to fight the powers
that be ♪
♪ Fight the power ♪
...and convinced them
that if we put our minds to it
and stuck together,
with passion on our side,
we couldn't lose.
♪ ...fight the powers that be,
come on ♪
Having separate houses
isn't segregation --
it's congregation.
We're choosing to have
our own dorms
the same way
some female students choose
to go to Smith or Wellesley
or Barnard.
Or how some Black students
choose to go
to Clark or Morehouse
or Howard.
The point is, when people come
together on purpose,
it's different than when people
are forced into separation.
That coming together equals
culture, empowerment,
comfort, unity --
all the qualities that make us
proud to be Titans.
And that's why you can't
get rid of Hawkins.
♪♪
[ Beep ]
Uh, Barbara,
can we get security in here,
please?
Wait. W-Wait, what? No.
No! No, no, no, no, no.
This is not how it was
supposed to go.
I was passionate --
I was passionate, right?
And you guys were supposed
to listen and agree.
This is college.
And, God,
it was supposed to be fun.
I don't even have housing.
And I don't have a donor
to foot the bill
for my saline solar-heated
aquatic center.
And I don't have
the right job.
Anyway...[clears throat]
thank you very much, young lady.
We do appreciate
your passion.
But you did not sell us.
[ Sighing ]
We have that meeting with
the Dean of Residential Life.
Wait a minute, sell --
Selling...
[ Gasp ] BSMCRDF!
What?
[ Whispering ] Definitely
meningitis. Damn it!
Your donors aren't buying
the saline solar-heated
aquatic center you're selling
because you're not marketing it
to them properly.
If you want them
to be consumers,
you have to relate
to their demand.
Files!
I took Professor Telphy's class,
too.
Filled with prostitutes,
by the way.
Um...
might want to look into that?
What I'm saying is
that you have
something on this campus
that is unique.
The way all of these groups
come together here,
you get more than
a college experience --
you get a cultural one.
And you guys can sell that.
Foreigners love
that [bleep]
I'm sorry.
[ Whispering ] But they do.
♪♪
Hmm.
Selling, marketing,
foreign money.
I like it.
Parker, I can't believe
you wanted to get rid of these
culturally diverse hotbeds
of student engagement.
[ Normal voice ] No, no, no,
I like student engagement.
And don't touch me.
When they're talking
to each other,
they're not talking to me.
And even better,
maybe they could all be
talking to you.
Here's an idea.
Why don't you be our new student
cultural liaison?
Aah. Sounds like something that
might come with housing?
I should think so.
Wait. Really?
Okay, that's great and all,
but, you know,
I'm not really even a "joiner".
Well, then you might not even
be a student, then.
Well, that sounds
like I don't have a choice.
That's how it's supposed
to sound -- good.
Then...
I'll do it?
Excellent!
Then,
I will see you next year.
And if you guys could
hang your head on the way out
so people don't think
you got your way --
hunch your shoulders,
sad face, walk out --
very good.
♪ I know ♪
♪ That it's taken me
all this time to say, girl ♪
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
So, yeah.
This college thing
wasn't as easy
as I thought
it was going to be.
But, as expected,
I still ultimately killed it.
And I made two new friends.
One of which I may or may not
be in love with.
I totally am.
How was it?
It was fine.
[ Grunting ] All right.
All right.
Did anything happen?
No.
Hey...
I'm sorry
about this whole housing thing.
But you can commute
from home.
I actually think
I worked it out.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
How?
I took Charlie's class.
His kickboxing class
that he teaches in the park?
[ Chuckling ] No.
His marketing class.
It turns out, Charlie is
actually a beloved Professor.
Okay, you know what, baby?
That's cool, that's cool.
You don't wanna tell me
about your weekend.
That's fine.